we've got various sources of water for
the bees we've got a few of those
planter plates around one right there
some in the Rose Garden AKA 13 steps but
this one this is the one they just they
just come back and forth it's funny
because when they fly away it looks like
they're going up the steps they fly
right up there then they beeline it
right to the hive it's kind of cool
get it beeline it a newbie joke
what's hot today we went over a hundred
realfeel which I don't understand I mean
it is what it is if it's 103 degrees
then it's 103 degrees what is this real
feel crap st. Francis frequently visited
but they love this one with the birds we
pick that up at home depot for less than
five dollars that's time to find these
little things like this guy right here
that was also like five bucks I don't
sure if you can tell how big it is on
the video let's say offseason home depot
there clearancing this stuff out
they're just going back and forth got a
pretty massive beard starting it's about
seven or so take a picture of that ad
about a thirty nine o'clock it's going
to be huge the watering hole